GA constants in DVS (#310)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-07.mdx

---
title: Changelog | July, 2024
---

## Constant Values in Workflow Node Inputs
_July 11th, 2024_

> It's often the case that a user would want to specify a constant value into a Workflow Node Input, either as the primary value or as a fallback value.
> The solution up until now was specifying a Templating Node, ensuring that this Node was in the execution path, and feeding its output into a Node's input.
> 
> Today, we are releasing the ability to directly define a constant to a Workflow Node! First, start typing in the Node Input until the no options modal shows:
> 
> ![New Constant Link](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/new-constant-link.png)
> 
> A modal will appear to specify your value:
> 
> ![New Constant Modal](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/new-constant-modal.png)
> 
> Upon confirm, we use a constant specific icon to denote that an input is from a constant. As part of this work, we also brought inline the option icon
> for all other Node Input types:
> 
> ![Constant Value Display](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/constant-value-display.png)
> 
> Note that constant values will always drop to the last option of a given Node input, and there could only be maximum one constant defined per input.
> This is because of the nature of how fallbacks work: if there's a constant defined, it can't be definition fallback to the next option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's often the case that you might want to specify a constant value as a Workflow Node Input, either as the input's primary value or as its fallback value.
The solution up until now was to specify a Templating Node, have it output a constant value, and then feed its output to the downstream Node.

Today, we are releasing the ability to inline constant values directly within Workflow Node inputs! First, start typing in the Node Input until the no options modal shows:

![New Constant Link](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/new-constant-link.png)

A modal will appear to specify your value:

![New Constant Modal](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/new-constant-modal.png)

Upon confirming, Vellum will use an icon to denote that the input value represents a constant. As part of this work, we also added icons for all other Node Input types:

![Constant Value Display](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-07/constant-value-display.png)

Note that constant values will always drop to the last fallback option of a given Node input, and there can only be maximum one constant defined per input.
This is due to the nature fallback values – fallbacks are only used if other values aren't available (i.e. the node that produced the value hadn't executed yet). In the case of constants, their values are always present.
```
